---
subtitle: "*A Gravity Growth Grant*"
title: "Cross-Dex Yield Finder for the Cosmos
  Ecosystem"
---

# Cross-Dex Yield Finder for the Cosmos Ecosystem
## *A Gravity Growth Grant*

## General Information

The Gravity Bridge Grants Program, Gravity Growth Grants, supports
Gravity Bridge and Cosmos ecosystem initiatives.

The Cosmos Dex ecosystem is exploding with new entrants. Existing tools
like Dexmos are specific to single platforms, making it more difficult
for LPs to find the best pool for them across an ever growing Cosmos
ecosystem.

This siloed approach stifles the growth of the Cosmos ecosystem by
making it harder for new projects to draw in LPs at the same liquidity
price that larger platforms can command. This costs both the LPs and the
Cosmos ecosystem as a whole by making it harder to bootstrap more
projects and isolating the people who benefit from each platform\'s
liquidity incentives.

The goal of this grant is to support the creation of a website that
aggregates and ranks pool incentives across the entire Cosmos ecosystem.
Starting with Crescent, IRISnet, Evmos, and Canto integration to be
funded by this initial proposal. (Additional DEX/Wider scope is
encouraged)

The grant deliverables must be open-source and the website should be
deployed and updated via GitHub actions CI or hosted via GitHub pages.

Since EVMOS and Canto are EVM platforms, the scope of this proposal will
include support for as many projects on those platforms as possible.

### Grant Amount and Milestone Markers

#### Grant Amount

400K GRAV, awarded in 5 installments:

-   15% (60K GRAV) awarded upon receipt of grant

-   15% (60K GRAV) awarded upon receipt of Milestone Marker 1 (MM1)

-   15% (60K) awarded upon receipt of Milestone Marker 2 (MM2)

-   15% (60K) awarded upon receipt of Milestone Marker 3 (MM3)

-   40% (160K) awarded upon receipt of Milestone Marker 4 (MM4)

A 20% admin fee (80K GRAV) will be paid to the MKT team, who are
responsible for administration of the grant process and grant payments,
with 100% paid upon the initial grant award. This fee will not be taken
out of the recipient grant award.

#### Milestone Markers

Grant recipients must meet the following project milestones:

1.  Github repo up with FOSS permissive license

2.  Support for first platform

3.  CI and auto deployments (following this milestone, CI must always
    pass)

4.  Support for each following platform (EVMOS/canto is a special case
    where additional evmos dex\'s count as platforms in and of
    themselves)

### Who Can Apply

The Cross-Dex Yield Finder Gravity Grant is open to a team or
individual. Grants will be distributed as GRAV, so applicants must
supply a single valid GRAV address once awarded the grant.

Please keep in mind that the nature of our grants program prevents
proposals from being confidential. If you wish to remain anonymous, feel
free to provide a pseudonym for you and/or your team members.

### Application Deadline

Friday, September 9, at 11:59 p.m. UTC

### Timeline of Granting Process

-   Open Window for Submissions: August 26-September 9, 2022

-   Review Period: September 12-23, 2022

-   Voting Period: September 26-29, 2022

-   Notification of Awards: September 30, 2022

### Review and Selection Process

Grant applications that are received by the deadline and deemed complete
will be forwarded for review and funding consideration. All required
materials must be submitted for the application to be considered
complete and eligible for review.

The review team will be composed of volunteer Gravity groups, Gravity
developers, and the current Gravity core team, with administrative
support from MKT.

Applications will be assessed for the quality of proposed activities and
the capability of the applicants to implement those activities.

The review team will take their final recommendations to the multi-sig
holders in the form of a public recommendation in the Commonwealth
forum. The forum post should solicit community input for 3 days. The
review team will direct the multi-sig holders to send funds to MKT, the
Grant Administrator, no later than 5 business days after the recipient
is selected.

The multi-sig consists of:

-   Paul Lovette, Skynet Explorer

-   Daniel Pittman, Regen/Qwoyn

-   Zaki Manian, Sommelier/Iqlusion

-   Ethan Kravitz, AGE Fund

After the recipient is selected and voted on, MKT will send over a
contract to sign and request the recipient\'s GRAV address. The first
award will be sent to the grant recipient no later than 3 business days
after the grant contract is signed.

# Application Information

### Application Overview

Applications must be submitted online using this online application:
[[https://3wzbr9c5xhy.typeform.com/to/ISoT3g8I]{.ul}](https://3wzbr9c5xhy.typeform.com/to/ISoT3g8I)

After submission, an automated message will be displayed confirming
receipt of your submission.

Applicants should use the following overview as a checklist to ensure
that they submit a complete application, and are encouraged to prepare
all items for the application before beginning the online submission
process:

1.  Applicant Information

    a.  Applicant name

    b.  Email address

    c.  Discord handle

2.  Proposal Narrative

    a.  Strategies and Activities

        i.  Explain the strategies and activities that will be conducted
            to meet the goals of the grant, which should include the
            following:

            1.  Detail your plan for completion of grant deliverables,
                including a timeline with deadlines for each milestone.
                You are encouraged to add time for project review,
                feedback, and revisions from the Gravity Bridge team.

            2.  Detail your plan for maintenance of the front end.

            3.  Detail your plan for making your deliverables
                open-source, including ways the website may be deployed
                and updated.

            4.  Describe how the code will be licensed and the rationale
                for your decision.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    a.  Communication

        i.  Detail your plan to communicate your progress, which should
            include the following:

            1.  Your communication plan between yourself and the Gravity
                Bridge team (MKT will create a Discord channel for you
                all).

            2.  Your communication plan between yourself and the Gravity
                community.

    b.  Organizational Capacity

        i.  Identify all team members, their credentials, and their
            responsibilities and commitments on the proposed activities.

### Questions

If you have any questions about the application or your proposal, you
can reach out to our Grants Administrator via email at devon\@mkt.market
or through Discord at DevonM\#9960.
